Add how to run outer loop libraries tests (#32940)
dotnet/runtime: docs/workflow/testing/libraries/testing.md

## Running tests on the command line

> To build tests you need to pass the `-buildtests` flag to `build.cmd/sh` or if you want to build both src and tests you pass `-buildtests` flag (`libraries -restore -build -buildtests`). Note that you need to specify `-restore` and `-build` additionally as those are only implicit if no action is passed in.

Reviewer: The first part of the sentence says to pass the -buildtests flag... the second part of the sentence says if you want to build both src and tests to pass the -buildtests flag.  Those are the same.  What am I missing?

Author: Good point, I have updated the text in my latest commits.

dotnet build /t:BuildAndTest /p:XunitMethodName={FullyQualifiedNamespace}.{ClassName}.{MethodName}
```

#### Running outer loop tests

> To run all tests, incl. outer loop tests (which are typically slower or less reliable)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run all tests, including "outer loop" tests (which are typically slower and in some test suites less reliable but which are more comprehensive):
```
